[Music]
well it is rightly said love is blind in
bollywood where we get to see many
perfect couples at the same time there
are some couples who are unusually odd
actors off lately are attracted to women
older to them with such changing
dynamics and relationships let's have a
look at relationships where the man is
younger to his ladylove back in 1991
when such relationships were uncommon in
India Saudi Nawab Saif Ali Khan got
hitched to Amrita Singh who is 12 years
old to him and shocked everyone the
marriage was the most criticized talk
then people raised questions about how
long they would last together
considering the huge age gap however 7 M
Rita went strong for 12 years and got
divorced late Kapil Nargis and Sunil
Dutt's romance was one of the most
iconic relationships of Bollywood but it
is a lesser known fact that Nargis was a
year older than Sunita but this single
year difference never affected this
golden couple who kept the wave of till
death do us apart despite the
allegations of Raj Khosla ex-wife of
being a home breaker Shilpa Shetty
looked stunning as a bride when she
married her barrage the couple looks
perfect but the fact remains that Raj is
two years younger to Shilpa Shetty
looking how happy we are together it
seems the sujes age gap does not matter
to them similar is the case with
Aishwarya and Abhishek Bachchan the
eternal beauty queen is two years older
than her hubby but a love story seems
exactly like a fairy tale
their marriage was a talk of the town
the couple is busy enjoying their
marital bliss now and seems to be made
for each other
it is said love comes when you are not
looking for it
choreographer turned filmmaker for a con
can vouch for it we never expected love
to come in the form of Shri schooners
who is seven years younger to her they
met on the sets with man Munna for which
she SH was the editor now the couple has
completed six years of togetherness they
are proud parents of triplets shiok
Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor might have
moved on in their lives
the couple is still the hottest topic
for gossip mongers when Bebo started
dating a yo-yo Shah had eyebrows were
raised but the couple was hopelessly in
love with each other till the entry of
Saif Ali Khan well a chose no bar in
love with these Bollywood couples this
is so no vehicle for archery calm